>> Scott Moss: All righty, so what good
would API be if we couldn't lock it down?
So that's what we're gonna talk about.
We're gonna talk about authentication
with json web tokens or JWTs or
jots, whatever people want to call them.
Anybody ever heard of those before, JWT?
Anyone ever used them?
Okay, there we go, that's good to know.
All right, yeah, so Auth basics.
>> Speaker 2: I set them up,
but I don't actually use them.
>> Scott Moss: [LAUGH] But you set them
up, and that's the most important part.
That's harder than using them.
Auth basics.
Basically you can never
truly protect an API.
I mean you just really can't.
There just really isn't a way.
But requiring authentication
makes it a bit safer.
So yes,
you can lock down an API with JWTs or
something like that.
But at the end of the day, people
are gonna find a way to get to it anyway.
There's nothing, cuz your
vulnerability are gonna be your users.
They're always gonna be vulnerable, so
people can get to the API through them.
So there really is no way you can
lock it down because a person has to
use it eventually.
Or an application that you're using,
their application is insecure.
So either way,
your application is just gonna be
hacked by somebody if it wants to be.
So there really isn't a safe way,
but you can just make it harder for
them, and
that's what authentication is gonna do.
So authentication is controlling if
an incoming request can proceed or
not, that's basically it.
Can this request go forward and
do what it's trying to do?
That's authentication at its finest.
At least in the context of
what we're gonna be doing.
Authorization is controlling if
an authenticated request has the correct
permissions to access a resource.
So after you even authenticate it,
we need to see if you're authorized
to do what you're asking to do.
Are you authorized to delete work spaces,
are you authorized to
change their credit card information,
although you are authenticated?
So that's the difference.
So that's like you're using like some
type of roles or something like that.
That's like authorization.
Identification is basically,
who is this requester?
What user is it, what application is it?
I need to identify what,
who this request is.
So, those are the three different things
when people, when I hear people say about
authentication, they're really
talking about all three of those.
They're just summarizing
it with the word Auth.
So, that's basically what it is.
What we're going to be doing is,
yeah, basically all three of them.
But we're gonna let JWTs do it for
us and you'll see how.